Hi good morning good to Amazonas Manaus Manaus tourism Good night Tuesday ten
November 9:00 here the Fabiana interpreter of pounds EA right I my
colleague of Clínica Agulhas Negras with her not Menezes candidate for mayor for
Manaus is fine Today I made a pronouncement no
was talking about tourism Alina in the presidency was a speech a little
long but I think it’s worth watching it soon I’m going to put
our Facebook page where there was more to nothing in the Turismo Brasil collection as
difficulties and some I think the beauty president alone can I solve
things writing stuff you man be mayor there in Manaus you for
will often depend on the powder camera will depend on the prosecutor
will depend on having a good acceptance for the father, with a lot of that curve
problem poses a problem to be solved in the neighborhood on the 10th of November
10 part of that you're going to have that he entered birthday birthday has
So it depends on a lot of things and tourism is the way
and how to say easier easier less difficult for you to succeed in Brazil
now the big problem are the obstacles environmental issues like
I explained my crossing today of the Bay of Angra that I have a dream of
transform the region into a great Tourist Center here in Brazil but you have
to revoke a decree and to revoke apron decree it’s not me decree
The Brazilian parliament will most certainly have it there in the State of
Amazonas does not have a municipality that is an apa that is an ecological station
that could have some change, right, any change in that for you to
favor tourism even to bring about the preservation of this area, which often
personal piece that you demarcated is solved there are no cheaper ways for
over someone invading that area and causing a
it is very big if there is someone living there waiting for tourism that person is not going to
obviously collaborate with the environmental issue so I'm here today for
Colonel Menezes is my colleague at the Military Academy of Agulhas Negras
candidate for mayor in Manaus had a pass by his sensual family I had
we stayed there for 16 months, the president who only talked about tourism is one of the vectors, you know?
that we consider to be complementary to the economy of both our state and the
city ​​of Manaus because tourism is all about us there, right? You know there are
United States cities there and Las Vegas that created a city and it was the
desert and create a tourist city there in Manaus in Amazonas like all right your
knows that area well we have it Our natural vocation there with certainty that
we have some obstacles now with this new one of yours
we want exactly that, jehovah has a lot of water used, so Tarcísio
last month, the condition of seaplanes was fixed, but if few people saw the
hydroplane here in Brazil I talk I never saw you already came here in Brazil I
I’ve never seen it. You’ve never seen the plane from Brazil
there is no if there is so much water here there is something you are hindering having
been tidying it up so the circulation of the plane from Brazil if it
much easier and you who live in the region of a lot of water Amazon any
europort airport location that this will benefit from is very will help to show
those who come from outside show that the Amazon basin does not catch fire it catches fire
Amazonas neighborhood doesn’t pick up because it’s only the whole wave against us because the
very great economic interest, especially in the rooms, right expressions of
agribusiness but it also gave hope Of the same moment Hope President like me
I was asking, we were 16 and Suframa and we had our first
year of management there the Manaus President Pole with your support here from
very intense federal government we had the highest revenue, right of the last 32
years ago we could also get some from Mia now this year and today the numbers that
we have both the State and the City Hall in relation to Public Management
they are favorable exactly because of the work that was Governor and
Mayor closed everything not next everything more or less was today is closed today
open a little more the city remains restricted many people knew each other
we saw each other as we were unaware until today so in my opinion I always
I advocated vertical isolation and not this horizontal one, everyone stays at home
because I said back there we don't have two problems the virus and the jobs and
we must take care of both simultaneously with the same responsibility
I caught Tocantins a lot with Tocantins
it means that I am concerned with the life that I mocked the Dead that
whole story that doesn't know that this great peace the media makes against us
today we came here and the isolation, right, the confinement Lock
Down things that you couldn't do the way it was to see that that isolate the
elderly person at home i'm elderly that up to five years old must have isolated in
home, right? Although I always said, when I catch it live, I won't have
problem for sure because the best way you have to face
you will ask for health for health too the staff mocked me too right
little athlete body I didn’t feel anything man can feel like not feeling anything
now who had obesity community age problems there regrettably
these people had a lot of difficulty in some died what our
we regret more is it is life is reality now I will leave everyone at home right
regardless of the age independent he has as a skill or did not take and
mass unemployment in Brazil one that does not appear appears more or less 1
lost million of jobs is formal signed portfolio
the most employed the forecast to reach 10 million or more that we had measures
right of employment protection and the informal ones you calculate 38 40 million informal
is the guy who sells cat barbecue is the one who sells water at Praia Verde a
target on the signal on the signal there from Manaus quite a lot of people's faith were
practically high student losing everything understood everything where she entered remember
reason that some even complain about, it was five months of leaving real sense for
more than 60 million people as there were people who earned twice that
some people with mothers it reaches the next 50 I saw a month or in debt
same is what saved the economy and there in Manaus not if he can count on you
many people who received the celebration It is true President and this helped a lot to
population of the city of the state I we have always visited the communities in
the last 120 days, mainly in the eastern zone of the North Zone of Manaus, which are
most populous of the most needy people and we have seen it, right there Always at the doors
of the banks and people thanking them for the fact that they received from the
federal government this support was extremely important for the economy
location and several measures were taken in addition to that I use plant a program of
aid to small and medium-sized businesses was 32 billion owes another 10 million
Now you could take out a loan, right? You paid interest as per year from
SELIC two percent plus 1.75 low is a little above inflation
and not so long ago there was no interest rate that you didn’t assume you didn’t
mistake is seeing 14 percent of the error rate and it was gradually decreasing
with seats in the economy was not using the pen as some have done in the past
it's not like the police phone right I quickly ask friends from Manaus
I have an acceptance on behalf of Manaus, it was very good to vote in the second round and
I am interested, yes, I am interested in Brazil, in the elections of
Manaus electing here our dear Colonel Menezes running for mayor,
number 51 a new important city is in the heart of the Amazon until
I usually say, right, that the free zone is one of the great importance of the free zone
we can say that the Amazon has Brazilian people there and that it guarantees
right so let's say tell us that Amazon Wow otherwise we will have a
present green desert that we don't want and it is a saint and riches in which
ah it's true President and there are people from all over Brazil in these people
here in São Paulo is from the south of the country, the center is south-central and the most important
President here the Industrial Pole of Manaus with all that We structure
We also have a lot of interference in the economy here in the rest of the country because
the raw material that goes to the pole it comes exactly from that of the rest of the country the
people who study more is Care in the Amazon says that we know
approximately just five percent of the biodiversity wow so imagine the
potential that the state has, rightly so, the capital Manaus to discover things that
really only after discovery we will understand what we had there
our exposure for a long time and our potential
President in the bio is just know is fantastic and right now we
we are there very close this part of the regularization there at CBA which is the
biotechnology center of the Amazon that in our management it was reformatted and
now for sure it will bring Good Fruits to our region of our country to do
a little pout here about free electoral propaganda Look guys I'm
receiving a lot but a lot of criticism because I’m not ignoring I’m ignoring
is certain certain capitals certain city does not mean one thing are thousands of
people who supported me voluntarily are thousands of candidates for councilor of
Zeus candidate for mayor has no way to do here gives a little strength everyone
you would really like Manaus and participate with you in a rally of a
motorcade of a walk I would like more I don't have several reasons the first
that I would be abandoning here is the job that I have to take
Avante wants to command Brazil must not have the resources to
so it produces local the day has to have a guarana I saw is private right or
commercial and also take a few dozen security eat I have not known
so I'm discreetly here, giving strength to other candidates and
those people are all you're not sorry I'm like a colleague now
I even regret the way you addressed me in the capital of the Northeast that
I'm stabbing in the back right-wing candidates in yours your
the city doesn’t have conditions
right in the buffer in the buffer than you imagine the support of the three you already more
easy three get together and decide two give up happened if it makes more logical
now I want you to choose how I have no way to choose I think I interfere there five
percent maybe awake in a voice that's gonna be six percent four maybe i'm
collaborating with some if I do an electoral program here G
the whole will not have 100 people you my Live because it just takes patience
then goes away in some capitals and a big city
and is that I took sides asking for the understanding of other candidates not
I have spoken his name so if it were possible I would say for example here
Santa in love with the hand Santa pencil from Parnaíba Piauí As far as I don't know
there is a second round, it’s going to be reelected, I didn’t even need my strength
what more the way you treated me twice that i was there in there in
Parnaíba could not have publicly demonstrated my sympathy my
gratitude and my support for the heavy Mão Santa there in Parnaíba another person too
that marked my life a lot here I was in bed 1992 when there was the episode
Carandiru in São Paulo and then the whole press started to laugh right with
up to 400 years in jail the military police in that operation in Carandiru
and we have an embargo here that was next to the Truth
justice alongside the right people here in case she the military police
of São Paulo and today our dear Sartori is running for mayor there in
Santos and he already demonstrated back there that he is on the side of good against
crime has the courage to make decisions
I hope I ask here the people who have not yet decided there in Santos to return there in
notary public 55 for the city hall
we have Crivella from Rio de Janeiro who lives in Rio knows the
his work and more than knowing the work with that the work of others
are a candidate there so I have an affinity with Crivella
already caught the next destroyed city hall that preceded it and the way in
as far as possible it tidied up criticism in the city hall We will always have the
any candidate now we are not going to fight because of that I don't want
vote on the penis she has half a dozen more candidates there decision yours and and good luck
for your candidate, right? And whoever arrives who does a good job for the
then the Crivella 10 in Rio de Janeiro
and now here a person that I think is exceptional is a young man a boy with
great future calls a boy who is almost old age is not younger my
fine room Okay, and is a candidate for mayor there for Belo Horizonte
Bruno engler so he knows we have a candidate there who is ahead
fired I will not criticize or praise it is the one who will have to do this since this is the pain
is Mayor is the resident of Belo Horizonte if you liked what he did for her
during the pandemic closing all the measures he took you repeat the can
otherwise you have an excellent option here that Bruno he
sign below I have known for some time if elected Mayor is if there are second
BH shift seems Okay but if there is a second shift I'm sure that the
Bruno rule will be this candidate right and then the games were we go there to
the second round and we'll see and what will happen what can i
make sure i'm sure this kid here if they elect mayor will
gain even the health of BH and this one is on your side what
I do not beauty is my colleague at the Military Academy of Agulhas Negras had
the Suframa front proved to be a great manager even of wonderful only
amazonense present Cachoeirinha neighborhood Cachoeirinha neighborhood was
raised there at Alvorada Alvorada took two bass for you low like me
am I am born among serious registered in Campinas recreated in
Eldorado I took three municipalities amm Ah I'm embarrassed I guys in the second
place to a chance he could be the first among the second places right and
nor for the second round with another candidate there and second round Zero the game
the 15th will be the end of the month 29 the 22 weeks for us to tell the game and
wins on television You will have equal time equal to zero the game and then
multi let's go there to see who really gets it right better
convince the population you use arguments or your proposals your
plans and more than that all showing your past you can glimpse a
little bit that will be that person knowing her past I have
sure that the same manages to pass for insurance, little is missing is
we will have a good a good tie there the healthy democratic I hit on the occasion of
second round by Manaus city hall at least 51 good luck there
Hi, we have reached the end here. We have Celso Russomanno here in São
Paulo is very disputed there is the second wave is for the second round
I hope that what Celso is able to get to the second round clears everything
so we can see how the municipal elections in São Paulo look like is the
city ​​São forma he is the third in the budget of Brazil So many think
in it the other goals our thinking my Celso's is how well it goes
administer the city the relationship he can have Central power as
any mayor can also be not only is he not if the other cherry there can
count on the same Good Will Our after all our obligation this
our work but I want Celso to be a colleague in uniform, did you know that
he Lieutenant of R2 she is a pilot but also then I'm in the crowd who's
indecisive São Paulo if possible I ask to vote for Celso good week
the last one here candidate for mayor we have more or less 5,700 City Hall of the
Brazil in all of its locations there are people that I have shown themselves have made their voice heard in the
Brazil and the right-wing collection São Paulo right-winged right to Ceará and
Amazon right and that exists in Brazil all over So a lot of people helped me and
unfortunately there is no way to help you all if I had the right party
with me unfortunately it was not possible to stay on my part Lisa I don't have
problems are up there campaigning just for our party no problem
I have Captain Wagner here, captain of the Military Police, well known to
population there in Fortaleza
and go there for everything it seems to see her according to everything right but you put in the other
fight too he’s fine there but second round another fight so I’m in the measure of
discreetly possible that I would like to be in Fortaleza doing
campaign for him to also make a motorcade with rally a walk and not
it is possible more to the friends of Fortaleza that besides knowing well the Vai knows
very well who is 20 years old the politics there see what happened to you to the
over these 20 years with families dominate which family dominates there
Fortaleza partly Ceará time to change and the name is the name that
demonstrates that there is everything that once the City Hall is going to do a
good job Captain Wagner of PM 90 candidate for mayor for Fortaleza CE
and lie down and stay with Siqueira Souza dude it's in the partner-president is really in this
since last week, right? There was really a big growth in our
there in the city of Manaus and wherever we go in the communities in the neighborhoods
President yours has very good acceptance this has reflected and very positive
i'm here getting it right i want middle of january to arrive in barcelos
let's see, it’s just your first capital, right in the State of
Amazonas and is a very beautiful region has several islands has approximately 64 they
President in the surroundings of Barcelos over there on the Rio Negro Marcelo tourist potential
Spectacular is something right now only with
we’re sure we’re helping collaborating to spread the beauties
region's natural resources have everything for tourism
for your municipality or state but we should disclose that there we showed
really what is the state of amazon and also the parcel turns off
that and he knows Venice is in politics
right, we have an election, she is single from Brazil, attends to the forfeiture of a slate
complete of a councilwoman by a Senator advertising from Mato Grosso and
now so you can see next to noon 15 also now sunday we will have elections
for the Senate but Mato Grosso and our candidate here Colonel Fernanda has
I said Colonel Fernando obviously military police is a woman is evangelical and
is a person that I met a short time ago to have good information about her and
I I invited her to see the Senate candidate the truth I invited her she agreed
accepted the challenge and has been working in the state it was too big I think
territorial extension is Amazon she later I think it is Mato Grosso field
I'm not mistaken, let's stop, let's go, right, it's one of the three biggest states
of Brazil write its territory so very large including it
And last month I was on the little plane there, a foot fell signal that she is in
hard leather there so I ask you from the state of Mato Grosso If it is possible, right
especially those undecided who return in Colonel Fernanda to the Senate always
there are good candidates for the Senate there for Mato Grosso but my candidate is the
lady who is a Fernanda has ours ok ok passing Campo Grande a hug one
special hug to all those who mess with water business The locomotive of our
economy is to spend a little bit here there are few people who are candidates for councilor
Brazil I will not go into detail quickly Bahia Bahia no Salvador wants
see is saved Salvador Bahia has hallelujah here is the daughter of a colleague of mine always
had with our flags standing there in the capital right then whoever I am
asking for a vote here the 25,100 Salvador Bahia
we also have new people here right Michele Assis João Pessoa Paraíba land
all this land on the roof there you Campina Grande 130 kilometers So we have
here Michele de Assis There are a lot of people in Campina Grande João Pessoa
a lot of people we will get here the more it will be released next week tomorrow we
get here but we will help you collaborate here I understand Michele de Assis
5110 38 councilwoman and João Pessoa has João Pedro plus a corporal here in João
Pessoa Alisson Novaes could return there for only those who are in doubt if they can
collaborating with him will be our representative here in the Chamber
Municipal Council of João Pessoa Alisson Novaes 51234
and it's not over here on the grid here Campina Grande now here Paraíba
crackers asking for more Naiana 25888 it's also been a long time following us
accompanies helps us here to make a bonbon launch March the salary goes
to have a colonel of whom the letter was agreed upon an example knowing not but if
he saw you also have to stay quite fell all over the whole land all
here you are in the class of 80 will go out looking for the sea Saraiva here in
Campina Grande Paraíba Councilman 2525 from paradinha to
and you know how I'm going to see my ministry, right
choosing a sex life person ok today I said that the car wash was over and to
I ended up hurrying opposition picks up and says what I ended up with the car wash is
everything from another fact So for me until today the car wash didn’t have any work
because we reap less by looking at their past lives also by looking at the cover of
slow pedal And we also have one thing that I think all mayors
could have Here we have one of the 23 - 1 is the head of the Aegean controllership-general
of the Union He is always fishing the mysteries contract takes the contract
Ministry such there has a hake which company here is what kind of bidding
this material is compatible This price is compatible or not So what?
when I felt something always a light in the yellow and gives one more
investigated felt that it’s weird so it’s better please
And if it were not then, doing a good job of prevention, I believe that
in the municipality of Manaus the same thing can be presented that you found
who can only be sure of that President is even we don’t care
President with no party, right We are in an independent structure exactly
so that we can have the opportunity to indicate and freedom
EA Independence needed in the same way that it only made us dedicate our
secretaries within exactly that criterion begin to cite the names of the
boys don't know that you compare science with previous governments difference and
Technology Marcos everyone makes an astronaut an exceptional person is
dedicated you take another wisdom, you see that passing through the infrastructure just
engineering doesn’t get Ricardo Salles in the environment to people in the field is
in love with him does serious work without Activate
and this catch Tereza Cristina in agriculture at the beginning until your call
of queen of Mato Grosso do Sul she i'm just going bigger in the south not to talk to
the mayor has to govern the Campo Grande right the governor I say I
Cristina would have all due respect to the Governor or mayor of Campo Grande is
a person is sensational The agribusiness we are doing very well has already started to fall
the price of personal rice saw me no one is complaining anymore I sent the
my people, you know, get to the supermarket in Brasília, the price dropped a lot
price of rice or soy has already started to fall is also when a rush
too big so i talk here for you will be missing beans if i talk will
missing beans is everybody run start put the beans there are people who
he has a bag of rice molding at home because he bought it to make the stock and
now i can't eat everything here rice helped
and helped her run out of rice on the shelf lacking price work rice
everyone is harmed rice we import with 60 thousand tons in the
United States to help here I cut the flow here the account here oh don't say
don't say demand right there was a little bit of false there was also a demand today
to end of stock So we have this in this is returning to normal here in
Brazil and every time it is only for the price Fábio who recognizes here it only always goes up
obviously, the market doesn’t provide for that lack
producing more by planting more than the price returns to normal but in front
the two candidates for councilor for São Paulo i'm in love with the streets i can
talk because a widow, another single is single, is going to marry this one
area and I told her when a woman is
tired of being happy she does that a woman I was tired sure
that she makes an arrangement boyfriend was swearing to be happier still is triggered
will be even happier and even found a corinthian like she’s just us
has worked with my son Eduardo for a long time and is a candidate for councilor up to 120
Cláudia Luca I have known her for a short time the exceptional person very active
on social networks exchange information with her here almost daily and dispute
a vacancy in the City Council of São Paulo 28 120 cause and Luca or trigger
only 1 and the staff has to choose the operators
here otherwise it will be bad for me as hell It does not praise Mayor it is normal that
the normal because the heavy bar equal all the time help you now it's just you
denying 55 seats in São Paulo I think there is a vacancy to activate the other
here Luca's I'm Paulistana he give you a strength there you can be sure
that the big winners were you with these two ladies was to talk lady
here in bed Paulo caudillo exhibition that we 820 only swim Fernandes 10 120
is that it was not going to start charging mistake start to charge that that the person
that has no oven to help create WhatsApp because time is up is me
I am enjoying helping the poor, it just helps the form around here, then you know
your like she’s looking good together with him is a loving nickname that I
I even put him, he has a descent is indigenous but Denilson has already put my
name here bolsonaro ends up adopting Denílson he is our candidate this is
is the only right candidate for councilor there for Boa Vista I'm having lunch what horror
love one if the state of the rich is given if God wants one day will have we will have
opportunity to move a lot in the state with the support of the national congress
similar to what is national for us we solved this issue over there from the state
richest in Brazil I doubt that there is a state here that is richer than in the
state of Roraima problem right Lap everything has to have everything you look at takes the
mental map store Good morning Lia Borges the colors that exist
I have it all up there already I usually say that it is right gauze for
criticize me seeing the periodic table todinho underground so have time
in this business here this one is a Newark currency is a lot we have some
enters Brazil who is there researching and working together with Graciano work is
Marcos Pontes congratulates the opponent and machines São Paulo that invests in
graph some time but come on Boa Vista Roraima Deilson bolsonaro here I
already adopted already ate son here macuxi in here bolsonaro 10.380
Thanks Danilson in the big dream is God what we can use the Rio Valley
cotingo that you already told me right for us to produce energy in that place there
has some energy not only to run it going to neighboring states all the
bringing the hotel radius the thousand km motor for sure because this
supplying energy even to Amapá, those who have potential have to turn it off
very big right in a short time and the river is perennial so there is water
all year round but for environmental reasons as always right everyone wants to need
or not I also want you want to preserve the environment but it's all got
that being within a certain normality and not losing too much in anger we lose
here the Vale do Rio Coutinho LG's power for everyone doing that the
identified even with part of what would be sold of that energy had defeat
example that there are North American Indians who are there more to the
casinos in Las Vegas does here in Brazil could we are with the casinos but
here I could explore what it is right we have a project in the Chamber God knows
that was born there in the ministry of mines and energy here
and the Indian, who will decide if he wants everything the farmer says
side he will be able to make our land and if he wants to mine he will clean
you want to schedule the rent of the land if there is a river there he wants to do a pch
small hydroelectric power station it will do until ch so I had it in Paraná
now that the government of Ratinho which city were the city in someone
opens in Paraná Renascença on the channel is well do not doubt the name of the location of the Plant there is
produces energy If I'm not mistaken for 50 thousand people
is an HP PC a pch Congratulations to the Mouse Governor who along with his
Secretary of Environment and granted a license plus 40 pch So until
I played with him in a little while you will have an Itaipu yesterday Itaipu inside
tested is one more power in the state of Paraná here so Denilson bolsonaro
1080 Boa Vista and how to pass faster ends
there is an old cable here the goat Manoel Diniz Campina Grande Paraíba leaves yours
good text leaving the text here is Emanuel Diniz Campina Grande Paraíba
25555 and there's one more cable here
BH That's right Belo Horizonte we have councilman Nicolas Ferreira 28,000 ok
ending up there are four more here President not only to return there in the no in the God
don't talk about God, it's good to see you remember a person who is a great yearning
our both from the People of Roraima and from the Amazonians also our br-319
that she will give this terrestrial connection so much everything from Roraima Couto Amazonas to
people are clean you went through the Union also taking them so bad it is
just that And then he wears the Brazilian electric arc is no longer what
inventing started indigenous now resolving this then we end up that the
and the cat plus a billion reais a year is spent public money that has to
be a subsidized energy to serve the state of Roraima with that none
this will leave exercise Angra dos Reis this one is my fish I talked
with the last Live, right, it was tremendously wronged by Folha de São Paulo and
when she was inside your store, you know, the sheet made the material she was
vacation according to the deputy chamber's administrative bulletin then Val to Val there
from Angra dos Reis whoever can collaborate we are grateful there will be a person who
will do the job and there will be a tremendous connection one as here our
here directly with the municipal council of the year of RedeTV Presidente da República
cameras inside the King guarantee 1001 38 there are only three more here where's the
If the gang is at home, I'm putting Carlos bolsonaro and he's gay
I put the Mossoró car quickly here the Fortaleza writer Alberto 93 80
Fortaleza also Alex and note the world the first to organize a 90 airport lives
Alex and God want to know there we go now from Fortaleza Vai Vai elect the
councilor and one more here if he Duarte in Fortaleza and there is also missing the
last right, Carlos bolsonaro here in the capital of Rio de Janeiro is
indispensable to say that Carlos is a great marketer saw he spent
and practically nothing a cell phone your head is working is operating there
social media Instagram Facebook WhatsApp and with real content
demonstrating here was not a hitting fake news I doubt who suffered the most
achieving it now I do not intend under any circumstances to regulate the
democratize media create a law that that
censor the media no matter how much I pick up all the time all the time I said
today at 120 today for example my speech here I will post Soon I'll ask you
it's worth watching because there's an outburst too right you won't
to see a crib use for you will never see it is pathetic to say that
I say it says zucchini whatever it is but you will see that it really
speaks with the heart and the truth of the problems that we have and many I think
that I have the power to solve on my own don't often have depending on the
national congress the girlfriend of the times depends on the life of the prosecutor
depends on the local population a lot to see depends on the indigenous community for
resolve but we are always at the forefront not running away from our our
responsibility seek in addition to serving the people with the engine here, such as bolsonaro
10/120 in the last election This was the most voted
and had a hundred thousand votes has more voice than a candidate from PC do B
Mayor if God wants this year he will be the relief and we ask
humbly the support of the staff and Rio de Janeiro to vote in the bolsonaro case
10/120 is one of my people responsible for being active in advertising
together with his colleagues and such a zoeiro here the world Zinho was looking
ending here I was already looking, I wasn't, right, I
help me hit it wasn't there now I reinforce it in the world Zinho now now go
to burst the mouth of the balloon for running away from Vanessa it's missing cute already
this was the cutie here in Paraíba here ok send just one thing
and let's end here with Manaus let's go to the teeth Manaus ok we are
in the final stretch already Tuesday fourth Thursday Friday Saturday five days from now
municipal elections across Brazil I ask you all Brazil see ok no
let the person that first time a party that the person is from then on
I want reds now so other things Trying to deceive you those
parties that preach socialism for communism regime that did not give certain place
none in the world cannot vote for people who are in these parties
the Coalition also doesn’t help the guy’s in the right-most party with no right
was connected to the view he is related to the left party will not give
right I apologize you know thousands of people who supported me in Brazil who
are candidates now the vast majority candidate for councilor I have no way
divulge everybody here i'm divulging some is that i can do
these apologies to the candidates for mayor
the municipality with having someone there who is sympathetic to our cause has come a lot
information here we have no way to campaign for everyone some I said
that doesn’t come back to me is patience right his right for sure find
someone better to go back there on 22 on my part I will not fight because of
I spent 28 years with the camera, doing the work to get there
here and obviously along the way increasingly getting support from you
and I understand that I'm doing the best for Brazil Brazil is the country on the side of
lower source economy you came out during the pandemic I said less
lost formal and informal jobs old Story form a collaborate with 100g
heavens will end one day year we can take in the past of the individual for five
almost 50 months know per month and now these other four plots are in the phase that
decreased the value, right At the time of a it’s almost about 20
billions a month that can't stand individual so much Brazil breaks
so we are at the limit we ask God that this could go away
we regret for the deaths of covide from cancers of pneumonia all with screen of
tool any death death really it is the encounter with the
reality one day right Everyone will go there logically someone went
although early because of the convivial conviviality helped to
taking that person away from our early life is very sad to lose someone
of the family but we have to go through this he’s the virus everyone
Who knows, right, good morning, he came there, he regrets the way this virus appeared.
world but we have to face it and life goes on ok i had Rios not feel
I took nothing at all. I took a change here in the initial phase, you can
taking ivermectin also have to take you take red only look for the
same person she does not fight he comes to see me saw smoking not only look for a doctor
now I'm here looking for you and Anitta isn't that too, right too
worried still takes takes takes every 15 days So guys we are going to take care
of life economy then you can't see it afterwards I will have to see God every day
that this virus there hello are to find an effective vaccine and
gave a how some populists want a box-shot vaccine to compel everyone
world take vaccine party that has it is mandatory to vaccinate our soul Spark
it just doesn't do it and the vaccine I was criticized because people thought it should be applied
the video color vaccine in the dog not the dog is the anti-rabies vaccine just
this one in your This one I will not ask the dog that he will get a vaccine
nothing nor has to be bitter obligatory can take the soil Taís spoke like that is not
this one here we who who did not take this vaccine was effective safe here no
taking is putting his life at risk and not his life again and making it very clear
right [Music]
and those who do not get the vaccine will not be lying to
whoever takes it, understood the message then understood, right, you don't know it either
who is right but something 50 and the Manaus Amazonas 50 bag today is good
present a good idea if God wants it then i will put the month in the second round
beauty thing second round We still don’t have a souvenir
President just started with that 51 good idea of ​​good and 50 I have here is not for
stay take guaraná Jesus is a gang there is not a white girl It doesn’t hurt people
thank you if God wants Manaus personal 51 Mayor there for no Beauty my old man
new acquaintance here good luck thank you all and even your mom Cecília the